Update Verification Section (#208)
ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture: draft-ietf-scitt-architecture.md

### Validation {#validation}

Verifiers MUST apply the verification process as described in Section 4.4 of {{RFC9052}}.

> APIs exposing verification logic for Transparent Statements may wish to provide more details than a single boolean result.

Author: ```suggestion
APIs exposing verification logic for Transparent Statements may provide more details than a single boolean result.
```

> For example, indicating if the signature on the Receipt or Signed Statement is valid, if claims related to the validity period are valid, or if the inclusion proof in the Receipt is valid.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, an API may indicate the signature on the Receipt or Signed Statement is valid if claims related to the validity period are valid, or if the inclusion proof in the Receipt is valid.
```

> For example, indicating if the signature on the Receipt or Signed Statement is valid, if claims related to the validity period are valid, or if the inclusion proof in the Receipt is valid.

Author: The above two lines are simply separated sentences for clarity, no meaningful change.
Line [678](https://github.com/ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture/pull/208/files#diff-585fb424519b79cf000445f3425fa56d328cbaca5d2a622740ddc4e5ca91dbe1L678) was removed as it's been edited to a lack of clarity, and redundant with line [225](https://github.com/ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture/pull/208/files#diff-585fb424519b79cf000445f3425fa56d328cbaca5d2a622740ddc4e5ca91dbe1L225)

Reviewer: I agree, but would prefer "For example, an API may indicate if ..." to avoid a nominal sentence.

> For example, indicating if the signature on the Receipt or Signed Statement is valid, if claims related to the validity period are valid, or if the inclusion proof in the Receipt is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, an API may indicate if the signature on the Receipt or Signed Statement is valid, if claims related to the validity period are valid, or if the inclusion proof in the Receipt is valid.
```
